Add documentation (#56)
MatterMiners/tardis: docs/source/adapters/batchsystem.rst

=====================
Batch System Adapters
=====================

Fake Batch System Adapter
-------------------------

.. |FakeBatchSystemAdapter.get_utilization| replace:: :py:meth:`~tardis.adapters.batchsystems.fakebatchsystem.FakeBatchSystemAdapter.get_utilization`

.. |FakeBatchSystemAdapter.get_allocation| replace:: :py:meth:`~tardis.adapters.batchsystems.fakebatchsystem.FakeBatchSystemAdapter.get_allocation`

.. |FakeBatchSystemAdapter.get_machine_status| replace:: :py:meth:`~tardis.adapters.batchsystems.fakebatchsystem.FakeBatchSystemAdapter.get_machine_status`

The :py:class:`~tardis.adapters.batchsystems.fakebatchsystem.FakeBatchSystemAdapter`

> implements a batch system adapter that mocks the response of hypothetical batch system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
implements a batch system adapter that mocks the response of a hypothetical batch system.
```

> It can be used for testing purposes as well as a demonstrator in workshops and tutorials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can be used for testing purposes and as a demonstrator in workshops and tutorials.
```

The mocked response to the |FakeBatchSystemAdapter.get_allocation|, |FakeBatchSystemAdapter.get_utilization| and
|FakeBatchSystemAdapter.get_machine_status| API calls is configurable statically in the adapter configuration.

Available configuration options
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

+----------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------+

> | Option         | Short Description                                                   | Optionality     |

Reviewer: *Optionality* is strange in this context. What do you think about *Requirement*?

```suggestion
| Option         | Short Description                                                   | Requirement     |
```

HTCondor Batch System Adapter
-----------------------------
.. |HTCondorAdapter.get_utilization| replace:: :py:meth:`~tardis.adapters.batchsystems.htcondor.HTCondorAdapter.get_utilization`

.. |HTCondorAdapter.get_allocation| replace:: :py:meth:`~tardis.adapters.batchsystems.htcondor.HTCondorAdapter.get_allocation`

.. |HTCondorAdapter.get_machine_status| replace:: :py:meth:`~tardis.adapters.batchsystems.htcondor.HTCondorAdapter.get_machine_status`

The :py:class:`~tardis.adapters.batchsystems.htcondor.HTCondorAdapter` implements the TARDIS interface to dynamically
integrate and manage opportunistic resources with the HTCondor batch system.

Information provider for the API calls |HTCondorAdapter.get_utilization|, |HTCondorAdapter.get_allocation| and
|HTCondorAdapter.get_machine_status| is the HTCondor ``condor_status`` command, which is called asynchronously and its
output is cached for a configurable time ``max_age``.

|HTCondorAdapter.get_machine_status| returns the status of the worker node by taking into account the HTCondor
ClassAds ``State`` and ``Activity``. It can take the states ``Available``, ``Draining``, ``Drained`` and
``NotAvailable``.

> The allocation and utilization of a worker node is defined as maximum and minimum of the relative ratios of requested

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The allocation and utilization of a worker node is defined as maximum and minimum of the relative ratio of requested
```

> over total resources like (CPU, Memory, Disk, etc.), respectively. Which resource ratios to take into account can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
over total resources such as CPU, Memory, Disk, respectively. Which resource ratios to take into account can be
```

> configured by the ``ratios`` option. Any valid HTCondor expression that returns a floating point number is accepted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configured via the ``ratios`` option. Any valid HTCondor expression that returns a floating point number is accepted.
```

Additional options for the condor_status call can be added by using the ``options`` option.

For example

.. code-block:: yaml

    options:
      pool: htcondor.example

translates into ``condor_status ... -pool htcondor.example``.

Available configuration options
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

+----------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------+

> | Option         | Short Description                                                       | Optionality     |

Reviewer: Same as above.

```suggestion
| Option         | Short Description                                                       | Requirement     |
```
